images/jdramanodame.jpg|Nodame Cantabile|10|9|10|10|Based on the popular manga (Japanese graphic novel) by the same name, "Nodame Cantabile" is about a girl named Noda Megumi (nicknamed Nodame), a student at the Momogaoka College of Music, who is very talented at playing the piano. However, she plays according to her feelings and not by the actual music score and is often lumped in with the "leftovers" or less-talented students at the college. On the other hand, there is Shinichi Chiaki, the college's musical genius, talented in both the piano and violin, and who wants to become a conductor. However, his fear of planes and ships keeps him from furthering his studies abroad.|I've never been too much of a classical music person, but this drama (and the movies) have made me have a very strong fondness for the genre. Also, I really enjoy the play between the misfits and the elite students, something that's very popular in school oriented Japanese dramas.
images/jdramaitazura.jpg|Itazura na Kiss-Love in Tokyo|9|9|8|10|"Itazura na Kiss: Love in Tokyo" is the most recent live adaptation of the manga "Itazura na Kiss." It's a love story involving Kotoko Aihara and Naoki Irie. Kotoko and Naoki are students in the same grade, however Kotoko is in the worst performing class and Naoki is the school's genius. Because of this, when Kotoko confesses to Naoki that she likes him, he quickly dismisses her because she's not very bright. However, under less-than-ordinary circumstances, Naoki and Kotoko find themselves living in the same home after Kotoko's home is destroyed by an earthquake.|There have actually been 2 Japanese, 2 Taiwanese, and 1 Korean dramas made of this particular story. I personally don't think this is the besssttt version of this particular drama, but I love this story so much that I like it in all the forms it's been released in. Naoki is still a jerk and still smart. Kotoko is still obsessed with Naoki and still failing in her school, but I love seeing how the actors take the role and make it their own. Also, the first Japanese drama veered way off from the source material towards the end, so it's great to see the show revived in the original language (Japanese), and done well!
images/jdramayamato.jpg|Yamato Nadeshiko Shichi Henge|8|8|8|9|Sunako is a high school girl who was emotionally scarred when her crush said she was ugly while they were in middle school. Ever since that moment, she developed a severe phobia of pretty people, especially pretty boys, and completely absorbed herself in her love of horror films and creepy things. In addition, her family goes to live abroad, leaving Sunako to manage her aunt's boarding house in her place. However, the boarders are none other than the 4 most gorgeous boys in her high school! On top of that, her aunt charges the boarders a hefty amount for rent with the opportunity to live rent free. The catch? They must turn Sunako back into an ordinary girl before she comes back for a visit or suffer double or triple the current rate!|I like this drama simply because this is the only form of this story that actually has a progressing storyline! The manga itself is over 35 volumes of 0 plot development, but they managed to compact that into a story that flows for the drama. I think the acting remained pretty true to the source material too, even if some changes had to be made in order to show the series properly from manga to live-action.
