images/kdramasffts.jpg|Stars Falling from the Sky|9|9|10|9|Jin Pal Gang, once an irresponsible young woman working at an insurance company and who spends her time fawning over the company's house lawyer, suddenly finds herself having to grow up when her parents die and she is the sole caregiver of her 5 younger siblings.|I remember the first time I watched this show. A friend of mine recommened it to me after the end of Dream High. I'm so glad my friend recommeneded it to me because it was a story that had a wonderful family focus. Even though there was a lot of drama involved in Pal Gang and her siblings losing their parents and trying to find a place to live, the children helped keep the story lighthearted and helped Pal Gang mature. 
images/kdramadreamhigh|Dream High|9|9|8|10|Six students attend a performance art school to train and compete with one another to see who will graduate and become the next top singer. However, each must overcome their own personal challenges along the way.|So this is the third Korean drama I've ever seen and the one that really started my obsession into the genre. I first got wind of it because 2 of the 6 lead actors were from my favorite boy group 2PM. One thing to note about the Korean Pop industry is that the entire thing is sort of set up to be like Disney, in the way that they want the entertainers to be triple threats - can act, sing, and dance. This drama was produced by two of the most influential entertainment companies, JYP Entertainment and KeyEast Entertainment, and 2/3 of the roles were held by people of those companies who were mainly only singers/dancers and wanted to branch over into acting. There was a lot of not-so-great acting (because this was mostly the first role for the main cast), but they all grew in their craft and put together a show that was a great joy to watch, even if a bit flawed. I loved the acting, the music, the drama, all of it! Definitely a drama I highly recommend!  
images/kdramauglyalert.jpg|Ugly Alert|9|9|9|8|A man finds himself guilty of a crime after doing whatever he could to protect his younger siblings, the only family he has left after the sudden deaths of his father and stepmother.|To be perfectly honest, I only started watching this drama because I really like the lead actress, Kang Sora. She appears in 2 of the dramas and movies mentioned on this page (and will probably be appearing in future posts) and in the sequel to Dream High (which was actually terrible, but I love how much of a trainwreck the show was haha). Her acting in Dream High 2 was so not her that I had to reassure myself that she could actually do a decent job by watching this series. After I started watching the series, though, I realized that the entire cast did a fantastic job in the series, even Kang Sora's spoiled cousin (who was so annoying to me at first, but actually became my favorite character on the show). There was so much heart in this story, from the opening to the last scene, and even though it's a long show (133 episodes) I truly enjoyed watching every moment. 
